c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.exe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.exe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.dll
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdb
c:\users\s00013084\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.exe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.exe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.dll
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdb
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
C:\Users\Wesley\Documents\test_bot_netduino\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\GoBus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\GoBus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.dll
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\GoBus.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.Motor.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV1.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.AdafruitV2.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.Simulator.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\TA.NetMF.ShieldDriver.SparkfunArdumoto.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdb
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\be\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\le\test_bot_netduino.pdbx
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.exe
Y:\test_bot_netduino_Csharp\test_bot_netduino\obj\Debug\test_bot_netduino.pdb
